# CV

**Please contact me directly if you need an accurate, up-to-date CV!**

This is a dump from LinkedIn, so I can delete the account, and is mostly here as
a log and source of data to create a real CV from as needed.

## Experience

### Technical Lead at Out Future Health

**October 2022 -**

### Technology Strategy Consultant at Geeks for Social Change

**September 2022 -**

### Head of Development at dxw

**February 2021 - October 2022**

### Technical Architect at dxw

**July 2020 - February 2021**

### Developer at dxw

**February 2019 - July 2020**

### Lead Developer at Sensible Object

**August 2018 - January 2019**

### Developer at Sensible Object

**April 2018 - August 2018**

### Freelance Software Developer

**June 2015 - April 2018**

Carried out software development for a variety of clients. Work included full
stack web development, interactive clothing customizers, and thermostat control
software, mainly working with JavaScript / Node.js (React, React Native,
Express, Vanilla), Python (Django), HTML, and CSS (CSS, Less, Sass). Clients
included Harriman Steel, IndigoMetrics, Pamoja Education, Peekeet, Sensible
Object, and UNMADE / KNYTTAN.

### Junior Programmer at MakieLab

**October 2013 - July 2015**

Key member of a small agile team building games for Bafta nominated and multi
award winning Makies: 10" 3D printed, customizable dolls. Worked on both
released mobile games, Makies FabLab and Makies Fashion, both built with
Unity3D, with an HTML5, JavaScript, and Sass user interface. Also worked on
various digital, physical, and digital-physical crossover prototypes, including
the design of an unreleased worker placement board game, and the front end of
the Makies website, built with Django.

Main game development responsibilities included user experience design and
implementation, writing tools, managing the continuous integration system, game
system development, as well as general feature implementation. Also maintained
Makies Fablab's game server, built with Django and hosted on AWS. Had a major
role in making game design decisions and prioritizing features in weekly
sprints.

For the website, was responsible for implementing changes to the responsive
front end to reflect promotions, as well as creating features for the Makie
Maker, an in-browser 3D character creator, and the pipeline used to convert
users' creations into 3D printed dolls.

Was also involved in performing market research and product development for new
ideas and prototypes, including product and market test design.

### Game Development Intern at MakieLab

**August 2013 - September 2013**

Worked on the iPad game, Makies FabLab, working on user interface
implementation, Also developed an automated testing framework with a web
interface and behavioural test specifications.

### Teaching Assistant at University of Waterloo

**May 2013 - June 2013**

Ran weekly tutorials and marked assignments for an introductory quantum
mechanics course.

### Systems Administrator at FreeBMD

**August 2011 - September 2011**

Used AWS to host FreeBSD web servers for FreeCEN, a UK census transcription
project.

### Freelance Programmer

**April 2011 - June 2011**

Performed data scraping using LinkedIn's API and regular expressions.

### Part-time Staff at Chess & Bridge Ltd

**October 2008 - April 2011**

Responsible for the database design and management of the mail order system in
Microsoft Access, design of advertising materials, and general internal
technical support. Other duties as a key member of the board games department
included customer service, sales, product testing, stock control, processing
magazine subscriptions and orders, and mailing products to customers worldwide.

### Lighting and Sound Designer and Operator at Wopsle Productions

**August 2008**

Designed and ran sound and lighting effects for "Pictures on the Air" at the
Edinburgh Fringe Festival.

### Work Experience at White Light Ltd

**July 2006**

Duties included rigging a new moving light rig for Royal Holloway, University of
London, disassembling, cleaning and testing lamps, and testing cable.

## Education

### University of Nottingham

**2008 - 2012**

_Master in Science with Honours (MSci - Hons), Mathematical Physics, First
Class_

Studied a range of topics in mathematical physics, specializing in quantum
theory and relativity. Completed a half-year theoretical project on random
sequential adsorption, and a full-year project on Unruh-DeWitt detectors.

### Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics

**2012 - 2013**

_Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Did not finish (voluntarily withdrawn)_

Worked on simulating spin foam models near the continuum limit.

### Latymer Upper School

**2001 - 2008**

AEA

- Mathematics, Merit

A-level

- Mathematics, A
- Further Mathematics, A
- Physics, A
- Art, A

AS-level

- Computing, A
- Critical Thinking, C

FSMQ

- Additional Mathematics, A

GCSE

- 5 A\*s including Mathematics & German
- 4 As including English
- 1 B
- 1 C

## Volunteer experience

### Events Officer at University of Nottingham Taekwondo Club

**April 2011 - April 2012**

Elected to the committee by club members to administer to general club business.
Personally responsible for announcing regular events and liaising with members
and external businesses to book accommodation and transport for ~30 people to
three annual, national competitions, and other events across the UK.

### Instructor at University of Nottingham Taekwondo Club

**March 2012**

Volunteered to help teach Taekwondo to secondary school children at a one-off
taster sessions.

### Any Body Month Volunteer at University of Nottingham

**March 2012**

Volunteered to help with Any Body Month, an initiative to encourage people of
all fitness levels, including people with disabilities, to take up sports.

### Co-founder and Teacher at Latymer Upper School Go Club

**September 2006 - July 2008**

Ran a weekly Go club for 11-18 year olds. Taught new players and organized games
and tournaments for experienced players.

### Backstage Theatre Technician at Latymer Upper School

**September 2005 - July 2008**

Involved in many productions. Duties included sound design and operation,
lighting rigging, set construction, show photography, show crew, poster and
programme design.
